Update what's new with July 2026 Snyk CLI release (#1463)
snyk/user-docs: discover-snyk/whats-new.md

The most recent updates include significant changes to the user docs, such as features added or removed, structural changes that affect how you find relevant information, and other improvements to enhance your interaction with the Snyk knowledge base.

## July 2026

### Snyk CLI

We are pleased to announce the latest stable Snyk CLI release, v1.1306.0.

> We are introducing the following key improvements in this version. To learn more about bug fixes and additional enhancements beyond what is highlighted below, please reference the full release notes.

Author: Rewording to match the Snyk docs writing rules: use "Snyk" not "we," drop the "pleased to announce" preamble, remove "please," avoid the spatial reference "below," and make the release notes a real link. If specific July features are being highlighted, add them as bullets below (matching the June format with descriptive links); otherwise the shorter version applies.

```suggestion
The latest stable Snyk CLI release is v1.1306.0. This version introduces the following improvements. For bug fixes and other enhancements, see the [release notes](https://github.com/snyk/cli/releases/tag/v1.1306.0)>).
```
